What the hell were you thinking?
Let me know when you're ready to order.
Yeah!
All of our college friends are gonna be here.
You wanna embarrass yourself and me?
I can't humiliate you more than you've already done for yourself.
I mean, really my old Gina?
Everyone already knows that she's trashy, so what does that make you?
Claire, you are my wife.
You're gonna come back to me whether you like it or not.
Oh my god, is that Dominic Bridges?
The Billy and Air Dominic Bridges?
I can't believe he's back in his days.
That's good, brother.
Dude, it's been a while.
I figure after I've seen you on the Forbes,
Billy and Air cover that you wouldn't want to mingle around with peasants like us.
How you been?
Good, good, yeah.
I've been good.
How are you?
Oh, I'm doing really good.
Running my own business.
Nothing compared to what you're doing, of course.
So what brought you out?
A woman.
Actually.
How are you staring at my wife like that?
I got you, dude.
Look at your face.
Oh man, half the women in town want to sleep with you.
Why in the hell would you be interested in my wife?
Oh, hold on.
Hey.
Hello.
Just one second.
I'll be right back.
It's having a fun night, yeah.
Claire.
So about last night, I want to...
A champagne?
Sorry, what were you saying?
She still doesn't recognize me.
Nothing.
You just look different.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Good thing.
Yeah, I just, I remember you were glasses, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, no more chunky ugly glasses.
Thanks to contacts, you know.
I mean, cancer, I've thought of them.
Actually, they popped out last night.
It was actually such a disaster.
I'd say your hands.
Somebody actually can't see you without my contacts.
She has no idea.
It was me last night.
Are you okay?
Thank you.
I should get back to work.
No, Claire.
You know, we should hang out.
You mean Miles?
Just like we did in college?
Yeah, we spent a lot of time together.
Things have changed, Dominic.
I'm not your best friend's wife anymore.
So I think you two need to hang out with me.
It was good to see you, though.
It was really good to see you.
I'm gonna go.
Yeah, but I don't mean to...
Hey, dude.
Should we call you Mr. Bridges?
You gotta get a face bump from our old buddy.
Well, no, Marley.
Remember?
Yeah.
You can see us.
Yeah, absolutely.
Listen, we have the best idea.
What do you have?
It calls and my texts.
You can break a girl's heart like that.
When you sent those pics to my wife,
are you out of your goddamn mind?
I was joking.
But since you're free now,
we don't have to sneak around anymore.
I suppose?
Are you living in a fantasy land?
Gina, the player is my wife,
and I'm going to get her back.
Miles!
Just hearing...
What do you mean?
Nothing's wrong.
Except for that hag.
Pull her down off her pedestal.
She's so disgusting.
If I were her,
I wouldn't even show my face at this...
Alumni meetup.
Where's our waitress?
We've been waiting over an hour for our cocktails.
What kind of crappy-ass service is this?
No.
$1,000?
You ruined my seven-year marriage.
It's be realistic.
Your husband dumped you.
How is that supposed to be my fault?
What the fuck, Gina?
You haven't caused enough trouble yet to come here and make a scene?
Poor little garbage girl.
Is this your knight in shining armor?
It's hilarious.
You were nothing in college,
and now you're less than nothing.
Watch your dirty mouth, Gina.
You were always jealous of Claire.
You used to follow her to brat parties,
and then open your legs for any guy.
Who glanced at her?
Yeah, I've never knew there were obsessive compulsive bitches
until I met you.
Didn't I kick your ass once in college gym class?
How about a repeat performance right now?
Hey!
Yeah.
No.
You so much as touch her,
and I will personally rip off your face
and shove it up your surgically enhanced lunch.
Dare you speak to me like this, waitress?
Um, are you the manager?
This waitress is refusing a service.
Now you're gonna lose your job,
and then you'll lose your garbage house
and already lost your husband, so what's left?
How about you buy a pack of razor blades and end it quick?
I'll give them to you as a gift.
Do you want to step outside?
What's going on here?
Are you disrespecting a customer?
No.
She's not even in my section.
They came after her.
Stop.
I'm assigning this table to you now, okay?
You'll bring their order, and you'll get it right.
Yes.
I am so sorry, ladies.
She's new.
But I'll make sure she takes care of me now, okay?
Thank you.
Of course.
We're going to require lots of attention now, won't we, girls?
Bring us our cocktails.
We don't have all night.
Your drinks will be out right away.
Hurry up, waitress.
Run, waitress.
If there were any justice in the world,
that little bitch will choke on a chicken bone right now.
I'll be all right.
You know what?
That came.
Yeah, fine.
She started it.
You know what?
Gina, for once in your life,
can you shut your fucking mouth?
When we were in college,
you were wildly annoying,
and now you're just a fucking bride of Frankenstein.
Oh.
Nope.
Don't say anything.
We didn't settle this.
Do I look worried, Gina?
What are your two little names?
Julie Anderson.
I'm Jessica Martinez.
We saw you on the cover of that magazine.
I actually saw it first,
and then I showed you what I did.
Oh, the crap.
I saw the little games that you were trying to play with Gina.
Oh, no, no, no.
If you ever try to do something like that to my friends again,
I'm going to make your life miserable.
You got me?
Now you two can go home as well.
You okay?
Thank you.
That was very chivalrous.
What's wrong?
Why don't you ask your mistress, Miles?
Hold on.
She's not my mistress.
It was a mistake, okay?
But we're through now,
but I'll make sure that she never bothers you again.
How about you stop bothering me, Miles?
I've worked to do things.
You know, it's...
It's temporary.
She's just being dramatic.
I'm definitely going to get her back.
Take a clearer lesson,
and I'll give you the rest after.
Consider it done, ma'am.
Thank you for giving me a ride.
On top of everything, my car's on the shop,
and I don't know how I'm going to pay for that.
You know Dominic can take his eyes off you all night?
Okay.
Dominic is Miles's friend.
Friends take sides and divorces,
so I don't trust him for a second.
I have the feeling that he's...
Obsessed with you, Claire.
I think he always was,
and maybe that's the reason why he moved back to the States.
A waitress?
Cut a fairy tale.
Is this made in Manhattan?
Pearl, anything is possible.
Okay, please promise me you won't blow off a billionaire
for God's sake.
Ladies, you need a ride.
No, that's a shame.
It does need a ride.
If I drive her, it would just be a really big burden.
Mm-hmm.
You said it was fine.
Oh, nice gentlemen.
Please be sure to enjoy the handcrafted leather interior
and the panoramic.
Oh, really?
Please.
You know, Maggie was always a little eccentric.
In a good way.
I thought billionaires had drivers.
I do?
Yeah.
He is in the trunk.
Please, come with me.
When was the last time we sat together?
Summer, 2017.
How do you remember that?
I don't think that I could ever forget.
Oh!
Yes, because you were on the soccer team.
And you broke your arm,
and I felt so bad for you.
And...
I mean, listen, you were all fine-something.
All of them with me being away.
Listen, it's just...
Wait, did Miles ask you to do this?
Because he's embarrassed.
That his ex-wife is working in a bar.
Claire,
I care about you.
And I want...
And you're a billionaire.
And?
But down on people like me.
No, I don't.
You're a fancy car.
It costs more than a house.
Well, I work my ass off for 50 bucks a day.
He dominated bridges, and I'm nobody.
Let's just keep it that way, okay?
I don't want to see you again.
Claire.
You forgot your tip.
You got it.
But we did have to pay double the comp value.
Whatever.
Sir, if you don't mind me asking...
What is so special about this bar?
There's a very special woman.
That's...
You know what?
Let's go this afternoon.
Hello, James.
Hey, it's Claire.
Newton.
I just...
I wanted to say that I had a really fun time with you
at a great time last night,
and I know that Nagi already paid you,
but I just wanted to give you a tip.
Or, I mean, I'm not really sure how these things work.
It's my first timbings in a squirt,
or a call boy.
I'm sorry.
I'm a personal assistant.
Do you have cell?
What was that?
I don't know if some woman calling about tipping a call boy
seemed like a scan that you're probably about to ask me
for my credit card number or something like that.
Did she say her name?
Yes.
Um...
Newsome?
Newton?
Yeah.
How do you know that?
Do you remember me?
Hm.
Remember's our name.
Eight together?
You were the call boy.
Enough.
For God's sake.
Sorry.
I just...
Didn't expect my...
Millionaire boss to be moodlining as a call boy.
Okay.
Thanks.
Don't push it.
She was thinking of 10, I guess.
I did an okay job then.
Come on, let's go.
This bar's been acquired by a rich guy,
which means this place needs to be spotless.
Like a mirror.
To make a great first impression.
Get on it.
Tate, I just cleaned the entire place.
I did the windows and the floors too.
Do it better.
Team players, Claire.
This bar needs team players.
Are you on the team?
Or do you want to check today's Help Wanted section?
Thanks, Tate.
A thousand dollar bottle of wine has gone missing.
What?
The 2006 Palermo Blunt.
You move the box.
Where is it?
It's right here.
That's impossible.
I'll give you one chance to put the bottle back there.
You think that I did it?
I didn't steal your damn wine bottle, Tate.
No.
And show me your bag.
Gladly.
Don't tell.
It wasn't me.
Yeah.
You did.
You're fired.
Oh.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Oh, you know, I'm just getting a drink.
Yeah.
What are you doing here?
Oh, you're, you're drinking at noon.
Yeah.
I'm just here to check on my wife.
Cool.
See you later.
Okay.
I need you to make sure that nobody knows that I'm the owner of this bar.
Can you do that?
No.
I won't be railroaded like this.
I don't know.
No.
Then how about I call the police?
We'll see what they have to say about it.
You wouldn't dare.
Oh, try me.
I will not be railroaded like this.
I don't know.
No.
Then how about I call the police?
We'll see what they have to say about it.
You wouldn't dare.
I swear to God.
People like you will do anything for money.
Excuse me.
Okay.
Who the hell are you?
It's the new boss, idiot.
Is this some kind of a prank?
No.
Hey, it's not really.
Really?
Because I told you to stay out of my life, Dominic.
And now you bought the bar that I were going...
No.
Okay.
Nothing to do with that.
It's strictly business.
Is that going to believe that?
You're playing me.
Dominic, both of you are.
I'm not playing you.
You know what?
You want some of the weight tables at your bar?
Have your bro do it.
I quit.
Well, I was calling the police.
People like Claire learned good for nothing,
lying, egotistical, manipulative.
If you ever mention her name again,
I'm going to make sure you get put in the meat locker
and sliced up for half the hour.
You got it?
I apologize.
I'll never mention Claire.
Her name.
Now you can see your sorry ass out.
And never show your face around here.
I'm sorry for my big mouth.
You didn't want her to know that you bought the bar, right?
No.
I didn't.
Is she the one that called me and tipped me?
You?
But she's your friend from college.
And she's also your best friend's ex.
Why?
You say one more word?
Hi, Doctor.
Okay, I'll be right there.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Claire.
No.
If you take one more step towards me,
I will file a restraining order against you, Miles.
What?
I'm your husband.
No, you were.
You were my husband.
How is she?
We had a situation.
Her vitals were dangerously low, but she's stable now.
If this happens again, I'm not sure she can make it.
No.
You said one year.
If she wants to live, if she feels that she has nothing to live for,
it's really up to her.
If you want to dig her mouth.
I know she.
From Masako.
Oh, it's your favorite roles.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Maybe later.
I haven't seen Miles in a really long time.
Is he okay?
Yeah.
He's just busy.
I'm sorry.
I have to lie to you, grandma.
I'm pregnant.
Yeah, I'm just.
I'm so excited to meet the baby.
Yes.
Everything.
You know what?
Maybe I will him soon after all.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's just this guy.
We're the best.
Thank you.
It's her.
Ms. Newton.
What about this speaker?
Ms. Newton?
I would like to see you again.
What?
Tonight?
Every night.
For how long?
I'm sorry.
You sound a little different.
This is James Goodwin, isn't it?
Personal assistant.
Say that you're a personal assistant.
I am the personal assistant to Matt Scott.
You can speak to me.
Matt Scott.
That's his real name.
Even a call boy has an assistant now.
Interesting.
Okay.
Yeah.
Hi.
If you could tell your boss that I would like him
to come to my house on spring streets every night until I am free.
Of course, you know, I have nothing to do with the baby once it's born.
And this is a completely confidential agreement.
You know, we'll sign the paperwork.
I'll give him two days to consider.
Yes.
Oh, sorry.
Are you sure?
You don't have to ask him first.
Ms.
Newton, I am Mr.
Scott's personal assistant and his agent.
I can make these decisions for him.
In fact, Ms. Newton, you have made a fantastic choice.
He has great genes.
Top of the line DNA.
He even has a master's degree from an Ivy League school.
I think you'll be very impressed with his performance.
Um, body, baby.
All right.
Um, there's just one condition.
Yeah, it's just, uh, this is an exclusive agreement.
I will leave his only client until...
You should have gone blessed.